Support `karpenter-crd` Helm Chart and Fix Node Interruption Handling (#868)
cloudposse/terraform-aws-components: modules/eks/karpenter/README.md

        atomic: true
        wait: true
        rbac_enabled: true
        chart_values:
          aws:
            enableENILimitedPodDensity: false
        # "karpenter-crd" can be installed as an independent helm chart to manage the lifecycle of Karpenter CRDs
        crd_chart_enabled: true

>         # Set `legacy_create_karpenter_instance_profile` to `false` to allow the `eks/cluster` component

Author: added

        atomic: true
        wait: true
        rbac_enabled: true
        chart_values:
          aws:

>             enableENILimitedPodDensity: false

Reviewer: According to the [discussion in Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C02SFFZSA2K/p1689893172133639?thread_ts=1689849266.459519&cid=C02SFFZSA2K) the plan is to remove this setting and always set it to `true` unless overridden by `maxPods`. Since the number of pods depends on the size of the machine, it's probably best to leave it auto configured by default.

Either change it to:
```suggestion
            enableENILimitedPodDensity: true
```

or remove the setting entirely.

Author: removed

      ttl_seconds_until_expired: 2592000
    ```

## Node Interruption

Karpenter also supports listening for and responding to Node Interruption events. If interruption handling is enabled, Karpenter will watch for upcoming involuntary interruption events that would cause disruption to your workloads. These interruption events include:

- Spot Interruption Warnings
- Scheduled Change Health Events (Maintenance Events)
- Instance Terminating Events
- Instance Stopping Events

:::info

The Node Interruption Handler is not the same as the Node Termination Handler. The latter is always enabled and cleanly shuts down the node in 2 minutes in response to a Node Termination event. The former gets advance notice that a node will soon be terminated, so it can have 5-10 minutes to shut down a node.

:::

> For more details, see refer to [Karpenter docs](https://karpenter.sh/v0.27.5/concepts/deprovisioning/#interruption)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see refer to the [Karpenter docs](https://karpenter.sh/v0.32/concepts/disruption/#interruption) and [FAQ](https://karpenter.sh/v0.32/faq/#interruption-handling)
```

To enable Node Interruption, set `var.interruption_handler_enabled` to `true`. This will enable a SQS queue and a set of Event Bridge rules to handle interruption with Karpenter.

## Custom Resource Definition (CRD) Management

Karpenter ships with a few Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs). If you bump the version of the `karpenter` helm chart, CRDs may not be upgraded at the same time, requiring manual steps to upgrade CRDs after deploying the latest chart. However Karpenter now supports an additional, independent helm chart for CRD management. This helm chart, `karpenter-crd`, can be installed alongside the `karpenter` helm chart to automatically manage the lifecycle of these CRDs.

To deploy the `karpenter-crd` helm chart, set `var.crd_chart_enabled` to `true`.

> 

Reviewer: If you have an existing deployment where the CRDs were not deployed by the `karpenter-crd` helm chart, then you want to use the supplied `karpenter-crd-upgrade` script first, to update the CRDs so that Helm will take over management of them. See [Helm error when installing the Karpenter CRD chart](https://karpenter.sh/v0.31/troubleshooting/#helm-error-when-installing-the-karpenter-crd-chart) for details. The `karpenter-crd-upgrade` script applies both fixes described there.

> Karpenter ships with a few Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs). If you bump the version of the `karpenter` helm chart, CRDs may not be upgraded at the same time, requiring manual steps to upgrade CRDs after deploying the latest chart. However Karpenter now supports an additional, independent helm chart for CRD management. This helm chart, `karpenter-crd`, can be installed alongside the `karpenter` helm chart to automatically manage the lifecycle of these CRDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Karpenter ships with a few Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs). In earlier versions
of this component, when installing a new version of the `karpenter` helm chart, CRDs
were not be upgraded at the same time, requiring manual steps to upgrade CRDs after deploying the latest chart.
However Karpenter now supports an additional, independent helm chart for CRD management. 
This helm chart, `karpenter-crd`, can be installed alongside the `karpenter` helm chart to automatically manage the lifecycle of these CRDs.
```

> To deploy the `karpenter-crd` helm chart, set `var.crd_chart_enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the `karpenter-crd` helm chart, set `var.crd_chart_enabled` to `true`.
(Installing the `karpenter-crd` chart is recommended. `var.crd_chart_enabled` defaults
to `false` to preserve backward compatibility with older versions of this component.)
```
